pages*: add missing mnemonics (#12151)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cancel.md

`cancel {{printer}}-{{job_id}}`

- Cancel [a]ll jobs of all printers:

`cancel -a`

- Cancel [a]ll jobs of a specific printer:

`cancel -a {{printer}}`

> - Cancel the current job of a specific server and then e[x]clude job data files:

Reviewer: Delete and exclude both mean different things.

https://openprinting.github.io/cups/doc/man-cancel.html
> -x
> Deletes job data files in addition to canceling. 
```suggestion
- Cancel the current job of a specific server and then delete job data files:
```
